Vienna is a very pretty city, actually it's
the center of the European culture with beautiful
places to see, it's a lovely Baroque city,
it's something you should really see one day.
The RailEuro website offers you many, many
opportunities if you'd like to buy a ticket
from Prague to Vienna, and of course you can
call them personally as well, no problem.
The other thing is that on your way you can
take something with you to read, because there
are so many things to see in Vienna, which
you should see while you're there, and maybe
you won't even be able to decide where to
go and what to do on your own, so it's better
off learning a little bit about Vienna before
getting there, seeing the wonderful Hofburg
or maybe getting into a nice authentic Austrian
cafeteria, or just walking around there is
something really amazing. The best idea is
buying, for example a ticket from Prague to
an Austrian Border town, such as Huanou, and
you can travel between these two places, and
then after all, you can use your EuroRail
pass. If you're under 26, you got to make
inquiries in the train station in Prague,
because maybe you get certain reductions from
the price you have to pay for a ticket. If
you're a bit older, you should just deal with
the international travel agency, and then
they will help you as well. The other thing
is that, in case you have a EuroRail pass
you shouldn't rely on it a hundred percent,
because it's not much honored in the Czech
Republic, and I have to say that, in most
of the Eastern European countries, they don't
accept it, so you should make inquiries about
this as well. The trip between Prague and
Vienna will take around 4, 5 hours. In case
you'd like to see the Czech Republic or Austria
in a short time, that's quite a nice idea,
because then you will see the beautiful countryside
on your way. But in case you'd like to travel
overnight, it's another option as well, because
you can sleep on the train as well, but it
will take a little longer. Don't forget about
another important thing, that the trains for
Vienna will leave from the main station in
Prague or the second largest station.